To meet the goals of the supply chain,
good decisions must be made.
Operational decisions are frequent and are often made daily
by front-line staff and management alike.
Shown is a list of types of decisions that are operational.
Tactical decisions are less frequent,
often being made to affect items
on a three- to 12-month basis.
These decisions generally have large-scale consequences
such as personnel changes, policy updates,
or general process changes.
Strategic decisions are infrequent
and impact items more than one year out.
Strategic decision making is essentially
longterm planning and improvement
where milestones are set and goals are established
to arrive at a longterm decision point.